So I was walking to the coffee shop this morning, right? And this guy literally bumps into me while staring at his phone. Doesn't even say sorry! Like, come on dude, at least look up once in a while. Anyway, got my usual latte and it was actually pretty good today. Sometimes they make it too hot but today was perfect.

My cat has been acting super weird lately. She keeps staring at the wall for like 10 minutes straight. I'm starting to think there's a ghost or something lol. But seriously, cats are so strange. One minute she's all cuddly and the next she's knocking stuff off my desk for no reason. Still love her though.

I can't believe how expensive groceries have gotten! Went shopping yesterday and spent way more than I planned. Everything just keeps going up in price. Remember when you could get a decent meal for under $10? Those days are long gone. Guess I'll be eating ramen for the rest of the week haha.

Just finished binge-watching that new series everyone's talking about. Not gonna lie, the first few episodes were kinda slow but it really picks up around episode 5. The plot twist at the end?? Did NOT see that coming. If you haven't watched it yet, you're missing out. No spoilers though!

My neighbor's dog barks ALL THE TIME. Like 3am, 6am, doesn't matter. I've tried talking to them about it but they just say "oh he's just being protective." Yeah well he's also being super annoying. Thinking about getting some earplugs or maybe just moving lol.

Tried cooking a new recipe last night and it was a total disaster. The instructions said "cook until golden brown" but didn't say how long that would take. Ended up burning the whole thing. Ordered pizza instead. Maybe I should just stick to sandwiches and cereal.

You know what really grinds my gears? When people don't use their turn signals. It's literally the easiest thing to do! Just flick the little lever and boom, everyone knows where you're going. But nooo, apparently that's too much effort for some people. Drives me crazy every single day.

Had the weirdest dream last night. I was back in high school but everyone was speaking backwards and the hallways kept changing. Dreams are so bizarre sometimes. Wonder what it all means? Probably just my brain being random as usual.

My phone battery dies so fast now. I swear it used to last all day but now I'm charging it like three times. Might need to get a new one soon but they're so expensive. Why do they make phones that only last two years? Planned obsolescence is real, man.

Started going to the gym again after like 6 months. Everything hurts. My legs, my arms, even muscles I didn't know I had. But hey, gotta start somewhere right? Just hope I can actually stick with it this time instead of quitting after two weeks like usual.

The weather has been absolutely insane lately. One day it's sunny and warm, next day it's pouring rain. Can't even plan what to wear anymore. Mother Nature needs to make up her mind! At least the rain is good for my plants I guess.

Found this awesome little bookstore downtown yesterday. It's one of those cozy places with old wooden shelves and that amazing book smell. Spent like two hours just browsing. Ended up buying way more books than I needed but whatever, you can never have too many books!

My boss keeps scheduling meetings at the worst times. Like right before lunch or at 4:30pm on a Friday. Who does that?? Just let people eat and go home in peace. These meetings could honestly just be emails anyway. Corporate life is exhausting sometimes.

Tried a new coffee place today instead of my usual spot. Big mistake. The coffee tasted like burnt water and cost twice as much. Lesson learned - stick with what you know. Sometimes trying new things is overrated.

Can we talk about how hard it is to make friends as an adult? Like in school you just sit next to someone and boom, you're friends. Now you gotta like, join clubs and go to events and actually put in effort. It's exhausting. Miss the days when friendship was simple.
